Slow down, beginner.
Thank you, what are you polite to me for?
So how's your wound?
It's been a long time, almost good.
I can leave the hospital tomorrow, I'll see.
Hey, there's really no trace.
This doctor prescribed the drug very well.
Well, last week's trail was pretty clear.
I'm basically not seeing it this week.
Go outside, how do you see the 16th of next month?
It's a good day.
I think so too.
The doctor said she will probably wake up this month.
So in the next month, this time is enough to organize my wedding and the Golden Lotus.
It was a really good day.
That's right, the first snow, you don't even know
Ever since you found me
I dream of marrying him every day.
So congratulations.
Your wish is about to come true.
The first snow.
Are you really congratulating me?
Why are you so late?
Is it because of those misunderstandings that you feel me?
Listen to me.
Because you're my best friend.
So I really want to hear your blessings.
Yeon Yeon, I sincerely wish you and General Manager Gu a good hundred years.